Sunday July 28, 2019
Cape Cod, Estham Putt Putt course (with the Koi Fish)
Shari and I had a fairly average day
Though there were some signals that things were a bit different
In the morning I wanted to take a 2 hour walk by myself
We ate lunch together
Then later Shari took a 1.5 hour walk by herself too
When she came back, I told her that I felt "a dip in empathy"
I felt like I was having a hard time tolerating companionship
We went to Putt Putt as we planned
I knew I was acting a little funny. I couldn't smile or be as expressive as normal
I felt kindof nervous
On the way, we stopped to see the old hostel
Still felt nervous
We went to see the nearby beach
When we left Shari asked to take my phone
I said "no, I want it"
Shari said "why, is there something you don't want me to see?"
That question always makes me very sad
I explained myself
On the way out, Shari said "I don't like how you're being right now"
And I snapped at her: "What!?"
It was clear that I didn't feel good

At times that I don't feel good
I learned that it helps me feel better to stop talking so much
Talking takes a lot of energy sometimes
So does looking people in the face
I feel much safer when I just make gestures

So I stopped talking
We kept driving to Putt Putt and Shari noticed I wasn't talking
She asked me about it and I gave her some nods and smiles and gestures
She accepted it okay
But she was still hurt about our exchange
She said "I'm not bad. I didn't do anything wrong. I don't deserve the silent treatment"
That last comment made me feel bad
It wasn't the silent treatment. That's all about revenge. Icy glares and ignoring
I was just taking care of myself. Not everything is about you Shari. I have my own feelings you know
I smiled and nodded
I know she  doesn't really like it when I do this. But I feel it's not too much to ask

We got to Putt Putt and she said she wanted Wendy's
I still hardly talked but we had a good time
She I sniffed her chicken nuggets and fries (that's something I do)
We shared some Powerade
I smilled and made Love hand heart at her and she smiled and so did I
She kepts saying "words please"
I said a few "yea" an "no"
But mostly I was stubborn to talk until I was ready
She asked if I would talk again at Putt Putt
And I said "yea"
To prove that I would

Eventually we got to Putt Putt
When we got out of the car, I started talking a little more
On the way in I said "I love you"
And she smilled and squeeze me
I said a few more little words as we paid. "Okay" "yes please" "I want purple"
We got our clubs and walked onto the course

It's not clear what exactly happened as we stepped out
But I wasn't speaking enough words soon enough
Shari was done
She started to get mad
She said "why aren't you talking? That man just handed you a receipt and you didn't even say thank you"
She glared. She was scolding me
When she glared into my eyes
I stopped talking again
She said "why did we even come here? If you didn't want to play Putt Putt we could have stayed home"
She glared more and raised her voice
I let my mouth hang oupen
But I couldn't talk

It's not that I couldn't. I could have
But I didn't feel right about it
I just couldn't bring myself to say normal words when Shari was yelling at me
But I looked her in the face. I made facial expressions to match hers

This process continued
By hole 4 she got so mad that she clenched her jaw, bared her teeth, stuck out her lips, swung her fists, got read and made a horrible loud "rrrrrrRRRRrrRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!! sound"
I still couldn't speak
Then she started to cry
She cried really hard
For about 5 seconds
I got scared
Sometimes when I get scared I can't help but smile
So I smiled
But I simultaneously cried too
I don't know if she noticed that
That's never happend to me before

Shari has had a strange life
Despite many blessings
She's had too much frustration and abuse
Her #1 fear is to be blamed for something
(People are were always blaming Shari)
She was angry like this because she was scared
She's had the silent treatment before
She thought I was being silent to punish her
Perhaps for asking for my phone
Or for saying she didn't like how I was
Or for some other thing that she never noticed happening
(People have been mad at Shari without her ever knowing why)

The process continued
At the beginning of every course she would yell at me more
And glare
She said "is this fun for you? Putt Putt isn't fun if we don't get to talk to each other. Why are you doing this to me?"
(I was doing it because I was scared and being quiet makes me feel better)
By course #9 I started to feel really bad
She said "you don't even care about how I feel. You know, I was nice to you all day. I let you go on your walk even though I didn't want you to. I left you alone while I took my walk. I didn't say anything even though you ate your dinner by yourself. You just want to be mean to me so I'm just going to yell at you"
When she said that I felt 10 or 12 tears squeeze out of my eyes
It hurt. I could feel that Putt Putt was over
Eventually I sat down
Shari seemed to feel a little sheepish. But she was still glaring and being angry

I had enough
Suddenly I spoke
I yelled
"you know Shari I have feelings too and you can't yell at me just because you're frustrated"
After a pause, Shari said
"Oh yea, well I'm an adult and I can do whatever I want"

I had enough
I threw my golf ball at the wall
Then my club
Then my score card
Then my glasses
Then my flip flops
Shari went to pick them up
When she was done I got up off the bench and left
I tried to grab my club and ball but I only managed to get the ball out of her hands
She said "Dorian stop. You can't just leave. Where are you going?"
I said "I'm going to the parking lot"
Shari followed me
We walked backwards through the course and over the fake bridge
I got to the front office and put my golf ball in the shark mouth with the little pencils
I said "I'm done"
And I walked over to the frozen banana place
(It was later revealed that the employeeds thought I was high on edibles)

I stayed there for 15 or 20 minutes at the ice cream shop on a bench
I saw Shari get into the car
I was worred that if I took my eyes off Shari she would run away
(She did it once before)
Luckily I had the car keys
I wrote some notes about conflict resolution
Eventually I went back to the car to see if she had calmed down
By now, I was talking
I said "are you ready to talk?"
But she wasn't talking
She glared and made angry gestures
So I frowned and shook my head quickly
(I learned to do this from an episode of Two Broke Girls)
I said "I'm going for another walk"
And I left the car again

I tried to walk down the road
But a voice in my head said I shouldn't
So I walked to the gift shop
It occured to me
We talked about how Shari could use another stuffed animal from Cape Cod
(She had forgotten to bring her Shark)
So I found a soft whale that said Cape Cod on it
I bought that for her

When I went back to the car I saw her coming back from Wendy's
(I felt stupid that might have run away if she wanted)
I opened the car door
I handed her the whale
She smiled
When she smiled I knew the worst was over
I mentioned I wanted a frozen banana
I got in the passenger's seat

We sat with the car off
Nobody said anything
Eventually I said "I'm sorry that I didn't talk to you. I didn't mean to make you upset"
I felt I was the one who deserved to be upset
But someone had to apologize first
Eventually
Shari apologized too
She said "I'm sorry that I yelled at you"
But when Shari is still feeling defensive, she won't leave it at that
She continued "But if you didn't want to talk, you should have just stayed home. Putt Putt isn't fun when we can't talk to each other"
This apology didn't feel good to me
It didn't feel exactly 100%

So I waited
Shari sensed that I wasn't satisfied
She said "I said I was sorry. What else do you want from me?"
This is something that Shari says
Shari in her most primal mind
Thinks that I'm only acting sad because I want to punish her
Not because I'm actually sad
(which I am. After all, a huge crazy thing just happened)

Shari said
"look, I apologized. I said I'm sorry and I'm never going to treat you that way again. So there's nothing left to talk about."

Finally I said
"I think I should explain. Sometimes I get nervous and scared. When we were back at the hostel. And we went to the Rock Beach. I was nervous, I felt it. And you wanted my phone and I snapped at you. And I knew I wasn't in good shape. And when I'm nervous it helps me feel better if I don't talk. I wasn't trying to give you silent treatment. I didn't glare or ignore you. I was nice and smiled and sniffed your nuggets and participated and told you I love you. This wasn't the first time I've been quiet before I felt like you understood somewhat. And then we agreed that I would talk at Putt Putt. And I was going to I really was! But I didn't really get the chance. By the time we started Putting you got so mad. And once you were mad, I just couldn't bring myself to talk. I was just nervous. When I don't talk it's cause I'm extra nervous. And when you yelled at me that made me extra sad"

Then Shari cried
She turned to the left and made tears
She was sad but she looked relieved
Her whole attitude changed
I guess it's because I finally said a full paragraph
She said through tears "You're right, it's true. I understand better now. But now I'm the bad guy. I'm the one who did wrong"

I said "you didn't do anything wrong"
But I faltered "or, at least. You were just scared. No, it's true, you didn't do anything wrong"
Then Shari brought up some good points
She said "this isn't the first time you've been silent like that. You know I don't like that. You could have communicated. That's all I wanted. You could have just said I'm not mad at you I just want to be quiet"
I had give it to her
I said "It's true. I could have communicated. I knew you was gettting nervous. I was just being stubborn"

But I didn't feel quite right yet
I waited
Finally I said
"you weren't nice to me"
She said "I know. I'm sorry. I just get so angry and I didn't know how to stop"
I appreciated that
But she kept finishing up with "can we please just stop talking about this? I get it, I'm the bad guy. Go ahead and tell me some more about how bad I am."

That made me frustrated.
I said "Shari I don't like it when you say you're so bad, tell you more how bad you are. That's just stifling my feelings. That's just a good way of discouraging me from saying how I feel. You should take responsibility. I have my own feelings, I'm not trying to blame you for anything"
Then I said "I  appreciate that you just want to be over done talking about this. But that was a huge crazy thing that happened just now. You got so mad! You were so mean to me. Wouldn't you be scared if I yelled at you that way? Wouldn't you be terrified? Wouldn't you hate it? You know I wouldn't ever yell at you like that. That was terrifying! You tell me all the time that I change personalities. Well look at you, you were completely someone else"
Shari admitted
"I know. It's true, I would be so scared if you got mad at me like that. You don't yell at me like that. But once I get mad I don't know how to stop"

Finally, Shari didn't seem so defensive
She said "I love you Dorian. I love you, I don't want to hurt you. I'm ashamed of myself for acting the way I did. I don't want to act that way anymore"

Now we were both relaxed
We passed the soft whale back and forth
She said "you can kiss me if you want. On the face"
I said "I need some time"
She didn't like that
She said "I can't take it anymore! Life. I can't do it anymore Dorian. It's too much. I'm barely holding it together. I try to act like I'm got it all sorted out, but I don't. What if this happens when we have children? I can barely hold my own life together."
I told her she's be a great Mom and that everything will be fine.
Then I asked her if I could kiss her on the face. She said yes and I did

I said "so what should I do next time? If you get so mad at me, how can I stop it?"
She said "I don't know. I really should have walked away. Normally I would walk away but we were in Putt Putt and I felt like I couldn't leave in the middle"
I said "why did you feel like you couldn't leave Putt Putt?"
She said "I don't know."

Shari brought up some good points
She said "you know, you make fun of me for my insecurities like that. When I get scared you make fun of me. Like when you wouldn't let me have your phone and I got scared you were hiding something. You know that I have an anxiety about that. You make fun of me all the time when you tell me you're going somewhere without me. You say I'm making horror face"
I said
"You're right. I'm sorry. I don't mean to make you feel bad. I'm just trying to diffuse the tension. I'll do something else"

Then she said "you were being so nice to me this morning. You called me your baby and put sunscreen on me and took care of me. So then when you wouldn't talk I threw a hissy fit"
I thought that was a funny thing to say. What does it mean?

I tried to tell Shari "I forgive you Shari. Whatever you did today wasn't wrong"
But then she said "I don't want to cut you off Dori. But can we be done talking about this for a while? I don't have any more energy for it"
I understood
I said "okay. Can we go play putt putt?"
She got big innocent eyes: "you want to?"
I said "yea. Let's do it"
I said "but first I want my frozen banana"
So we grabbed our hoodies and I got a frozen banana and then we played Putt Putt

(at one point i got interrupted)