Everyone's gift is always on full blast
Under our feet rumbles the song
People who are suffering
A steady low melody
Most don't know about it
But we all hear it
You will sometimes catch someone
Or stomp to the beat
Or grimace during a solo
As it automatically. Like a twitch
For some, the song glows violet against the earth

The messiah looks into your eyes
And unravels you
Like a ball of yarn
Like a dream
And you are reborn

People gravitate to each other
In eliptical orbits

The gift is playful
Sometimes you meet a person blessed with luck
THhy flips a coin 10 times
Whatever side they guess, it comes up
Or a person who speaks to animals
The call to a squirrel from a tree
And asks the squirrel to do tricks for you
But the gift is elusive
You can't command the luck like a part of your body
It comes as it pleases
It's my dream to meet someone
Who can explode a distant star

The existence of magic is well documented
But in 1983 it was scientifically demonstrated
That there has never been a documented miracle
That fell outside bounds of physics
Shortly following this discovery
The words "Magic is Real" were struck by lighting
Onto several mountains
In several languages on the earth
Many people caught it on video

Magic can't be harnessed like electricity
Or proven with science
Oh, it can be proven for a little while
There's 40 years of precise correlation between
rain and a rain dance in a small indian village
But nobody can repeat the phenomenon
Some people wonder if it was just a big coincidence

Vinny was at our house
He was happy but also angry
He was drawing attention to himself
Angie woudl make fun of him and he didn't like it
I lovs Angie
And Rain
He didn't seem to me to be himself. He seemed to be talking too much.
It hurts me to talk taht much. It would hurt me if I was him I think
Or, he made too much mainstream sense

when someone lowers their tensions
the shimmer around their face parts
and you can see what they really look like
generally, it's more like they looked as a child
this happens when you say their name
or disarm them with kindness

there are drugs and rituals you can use to tap into the gift
but the experience is intense
you can get hurt
but it teaches you
molds you

I entered the house late at night
It was kind for them to accomodate me. I offered to bring rain, which came as a surprise to the villagers
The boy had been hypnotizing us. All of us
I'd never seen this before. But I've only been a practitioner for a few year. Maybe 4 by now.
His persuasion was intense. Like an inexorable wind in pushing my mind. I haven't learned this ability yet.
I noticed the animals fling in 