**Acceptance**
Part I
When buddha achieved enlightenment, he wrote down 4 noble truths
One of the most well-known truth is the first one, often translated as
"life is suffering"
This was a big revelation. You can find it referenced in thousands of books for the next thousand years.
But it's also a weird revelation. It's a sort of morbid opinion "life is suffering." Why would we want to see life this way? And why would it help us be happy and functional?
Well, the answer shas to do with a technique which is essential for relationships with our loved ones. Acceptance. 

It will help to hear the story of how buddha came to his realization.
Buddha, whose real name was Gautama, was a real person.
He lived during a time where the world was overflowing with priests, monks, and holy people where offered their spiritual ways of life as methods to trancend earthly problems.
(this is how things still are today)

Gautama, like many of us, was unsatisfied with life. Especially its foibles. pain, embarrassment, fear.
In those days it was common knowledge that, if you could only perfect the philosopy of the holy men you could train yourself to dissocate with pain, and reach a state of blissful happiness.

At that time, holy people believed that enlightenment was attained through ascetecism. Meaning masochism. Meaning, deprivating yourself of food, sitting practically naked cross-legged in the cold for hours and days on end. And Gautama was very good at this.

He fasted for days and weeks. He sat in uncomfortable positions for months. And wasted away for years and years. But he still felt the same old embarrassments, petty crankiness, kinky thoughts, and everything else that afflicted him since he was born. Until one day, while he was wasting away under a tree, he had a thought.
"Jesus, this is stupid. What's the point of this? I'm gonna go home"
And on that day he was enlightened
And on that day he became Buddha




Part II
Let's recap.
Gautama spend 20 years chasing enlightenment by ritual masochism. Then one day said "this blows I'm gonna go eat tortilla chips." And then.. he became the Buddha! Why.

Because in that moment he had a realization. As soon as buddha's brain switched off of the masochism track, and went back to the "I'm gonna go lay on the couch" track, he understood is that there is no way to stop being an average person. The kind of person that feels stupid making smalltalk. The kind of person who gets hemorrhoids and stuff. We are all totally screwed forever to be average.

Okay great. That might strike you as obvious. Yes, life is difficult. We learn that before we can walk. We all get diahhrea and have step on legos. So why did it takes a full-on enlightenment to state the obvious?

Because, the obvious isn't always obvious.
Think about it. In Buddha's time and since the dawn of civilization, everyone is desperately trying to escape the pain of regular life. There has always been a billion-dollar industry for religion or spirituality that sends people to nirvana. Or if you're not religious, people try and paper over their problems iwht money, sex, status.
And we do these things not purely fun of money or religion (because both those things actually kick ass). It's always tinged with this expecation that if we could just get it right, all this misery would finally be over,
and we could finally get on with our eternal bliss.

Bottom line, the patently obvious fact is "life is suffering" is very difficult to accept.

This relates to relationships like this:
in relationships
we spend a significant amount of time
in Denial
refusing to acknowledge facts about each other. about our relationship. about ourselves. about our life together
which are right under our nose
and so we spend time on fruitless pursuits. trying to change one another. trying to hide ourselves. living in the city when we'd prefer the country
this is a big root-cause of relationship conflict

I have done this infinite times in my relationships. And it's been done to me infinite times
Shari has OCD. She likes the refidgerator organized with small items on top, large on the bottom. For two years, I acted like this quirk would go away if I just acted like it didn't exist. Surprise. It didn'g go away and Shari and I have argued about it for 2 years

Example 2: I had a relationship with Anj. For years, I spoke in a lower register than my true voice. I am a sensitive person. But I never acted that way. In fact, I practically forgot I was sensitive.

Example 3: My friend David expects me to call him. That's not the relationship I want!

So what is the cure to this problem?
Well the buddha thought about that one
he was resigned and defeated from years of trying to reach perfect blissful nirvana
so buddha tried accepting everything
he accepted that his life is never going to be perfect. he'll always be a little miserable. there's always some chance he'll get sick or get struck by lightning or something

well he fully expected to just be a miserable person like everyone else
but next thing he realized
he felt amazing!
more amazing than he ever felt

for years he was so anxious to find the truth
and to basically become an angel on earth
and stop suffering all the time
but really, the worst part of life in a human body
was that desperation to avoid the bad stuff
and when he admitted
that the pain in his neck or the hunger in his tummy was never going away
suddenly it didn't all seem so bad
in fact, it really felt like pure bliss!

so buddha carved out 3 more noble truths
which go on to say that "attachments" or "hangups" are the root of all suffering
and that the cure it to let go of your hangups
meaning, you look reality in the face
and accept every reality you've been avoiding
no matter how painful

this is a very powerful realization
for people like us
who love to live in imaginationland

like all good ideas
great minds think alike
buddha wasn't the first to that you should "accept reality"
western idioms
"don't make a mountain out of a mole hill"
"no use crying over spilled milk"
mean "be sad in proportion to the actual badness of the event"

Jewish philosophy tells a story
"kol ha olam kulo. gesher tsar meod"
"life is a narrow bridge. and the most important thing is: don't be afraid"
meaning "life is scary and dangerous. accept that you might fall"

it's there in the serenity prayer
got give me the strength to change what I can
the courage to accept what I cannot
and the wisdom to know the difference

and of course, this attitude carries over the the nexus of our lives
our close relationships
accepting our shortcomings and quirks
is the fastest route to relationship happiness

here are some important things to accept in a relationship:
Youre relationship isn't going to be perfect
It's not going to be like some canned formula. Like disney or anything. You don't need to be as manly as you think. Or as feminine.
You don't need to stay the same way all the time
You don't need to be the only two people in the house. Have friends. Polyamory. Whatever feels right.
You're going to fight. You don't have to go crazy preventing fights.
It's okay to go to bed angry. Why not?
You don't have to live together. Or spend every night together. Or sleep together. Or call each other all the time.
You don't have to be lovedy dovey.
You can get married after a year. It doesn't have to be like the relationships everyone else has that last 10 years.
You can break up. And get back together. Why not?
You don't have to say everything on your mind. Or know 100% of each other's heads. Or secrets. Have some privacy if you want.
You can have a crush on someone else if you want. You can say so or not.

that isn't to say that you don't have rules in our realtionships
that we don't try to improve them
or change ourselves
or avoid disaster scenarios
or even change each other
those are all good in right

but generally speaking. we overdo these things to an aggregious degree

a classic example of overdoing it
when it comes to denying our human nature
is mideival flagellation
which is where you have naughty thoughts
so you stand there with a whip
whack yourself until the thoughts stop
(ironic that that's now the very symbol of naughty behavior)

if we instead applied conscious energy
to noticing how things actually are
for example, coming to terms with the fact that our naughty thoughts aren't going anywhere
we could use more finesse in dealing with reality
instead of struggling so hard denying what makes us human

but that's easier said than done
coming to terms with reality is hard
really hard
that's why it took the buddha so long
so the practice of "acceptance" benefits from technique

and i like the technique of cult leader and spiritual guru Teal Swan
she says
"the only way out is in"
Shari Rose taught me this one day when I was panicking
i was worried I had broke my digestion
she said "think about the worst case sceneario here. the really worst case"
so you broke your digestion
you'll have to get surgery. recover. it'll be painful. maybe even you'll lose your job.
but you'd get through that.
or if you're gonna die. then die. look at it squarely and say "bring it on. so I'll die"
and I did that
and you know what? it didn't seem so bad anymore

I mean that seriously
a panic attack can last all night
and anythign that makes it go away
that's a big deal

so this is the attitude we take to our relationships
suppose you're worried that you don't make enough money. and your partner makes all the money. say "fine" so they make all the money. "fine" so people will look down on me. "fine" so my parents will shake their heads. "bring it on"
or fine, so my mom and I might not talk on the phone every day. being frank about that will hurt her. but I'll have to hurt her if that's what's best for both of us. "bring it on"

and you know what ends up happening?
in dealing with reality
you see the granularity
the contours
and you manage to navigate it all very elegantly
more than you realized you could








you have your elbow in my ribs
I say "ow!" "put your elbow somewhere else!"
or more realistically
you don't listen about my day at work when I come home
and I want you to start listening



That doesn't mean that there aren't rules. But the rules are way less specific than that