
Oliver: relavant to spree shootings and thing
I liked the way you manage dot bookend with this quote
clear barometer of where i started initially. how i changed afterwards

examples
fight club
masochist kink
would have taken it much step further.
very few boys only or men's only organizations where you can release this kind of stress. outside of boxing gyms and mma gyms. (not much hunting). (perhaps make a political suggestion for what we can do)
inevitable nature of masculine energy

rocky
dorian it's freaky how you're always talking about somethign relevant on my mind
i've been researching today where they come from
homicidal thoughts
suicidal thoughts
it sound like a lot of people are dealing with this issue
50-90% college students
it may arise in people who are otherwise quite well

i feel like humiliation is a common cause behind these mass shooters

teal says "the only way out is in"

me
i reject the idea that anything about us is bad and deserves to be squashed
it reminds me too much of how people treat their children and dogs
too much about how i treated rain

it's like you've got a foster child inside us
and it's not like you jsut say "woohoo think killin thoughts!"

you learn to use your ruthlessness with precision
instead of willy-nilly

oliver
nra
when you learn about guns
a killing tool
you learn a lot about safety. control. precision

knight code of chivarly
fact of life

me
is what it is. fact of life

i feel like people are workign on it
like, there's a lot of good work beign done on what to do with these bad impulses

sister
pilgrims
black death
fear culture
fear about ghosts
where halloween comes
when they came to america
no alternative light sources
dark place. living in the dark literally
years down the road
led to hysteria
salem witch trials
brewing
people have dealth with their darkness in many ways
the horror story
in european tradition
british history
has this underlying
scariness to it
podcast called moonrise
why we. as americans. why president kennedy decided to go to the moon
the science fiction writers who drove that to fruition
horror stories. sci fi
scary things that happened
that led to that
led to this idea that. before we went to the moon
the atom was dropped. hydrogen bomb was made
before that. no death from above
aliens. alien apocalypse
americans
we have this way of acting like things didn't happen
monument. holiday
hiroshima. slavery. demons
passed on from generation to generation
perhaps biological. embedded in our dna
born into new generations
they then to have to figure out. how do we deal with this fear that is now in our dna
write
be an artist
other ways. like war
we come from a human culture
war has been very prevalent
men have had opportunities to go fight war
right now. we don't have the same. it's not expected of us
we have that desire
but war is not an available option
to deal with fear
or population control

oliver
horror movies
hapless teenagers
nobody go traumatized

sister
those images
people were traumatized
songs about nightmares
marlon waynes
makes a funny spoof about the classic horror films
and when he does it takes the edge off
50 shades of grey
it's horror
they romanticize it
he has been completely traumatized
she is in an abusive relationship
and he's submitted to it




Cultivate your Darkness

"""
An old Cherokee parable.

One evening a grandfather is talking with his grandson

He says there are two wolves inside of us which are always at battle. 

One is a good wolf which represents things like kindness, bravery, and love.

The other is a bad wolf, which represents things like greed, hatred, and fear.

The grandson stops and thinks about it for a second then he looks up at his grandfather and says,

“Grandfather, which one wins?”

The grandfather quietly replies, “The one you feed.”
"""

Each one of us has a dark side to our personality

most of the time
the darkness is small and harmless
for example
we might intentionally aggravate our older sister
or hope that some asshole at work gets a flesh-eating virus
or fantasize about about teenage girls TV
or go out of our way to murder the civilians in grand theft auto

the darkess becomes a problem
when it gets to reality
as is the case

with the vindictive boss or teacher
who orders people around purely for the pleasure of it

this darkess is well-known in philosophical and relgious circles
In the Jewish tradition, it is known as the yetzer ha'ra - the Evil Inclination
In Christianity it is known as Original Sin. Or just the Devil

in most philosophies of human behavior
the path to righteousness is framed
as a battle
between our evil inclination and our good inclination

we are drawn to kill, to steal, and rape
by a devil inside ourselves
and we must constantly fight against our instincts
or risk becoming complete animals

this understanding of what it means to be a good person
is extremely common
practically taken for granted

but I don't buy it

I fully believe that the darkenss is not going anywhere
but I don't think that a neverending battle against ourselves
is a healthy or effective way to live with it

<page break>

In my own personal life
I am aware
I too have a Darkness inside of me

For example
Several years ago
I started having regular violent fantasies

I dreamed that I was in prison
And that, during a fight
I would break someone's legs. Or destroy their face
And that felt good

And I dreamed that my mother had been kidnapped
And I would find her kidnapper
And, one by one
pull out his teeth with my pliers
And that felt good too

As you can imagine
These violent fantasies frightened me
I wondered what was wrong with me
And my solution
Was to simply block those feelings out of my mind
whenever they crept in

however
this solution always left me feeling frustrated
and sickened by myself
never any closer to a calm mind

well one day
I happend to join a club at a university
of mixed amateurs and experts 
who fought each other for fun
a fight club

it was great
I loved getting punched in the face
I loved cracking someone in their face

and my violent fantasies went away
although, I never made the connection

like clockwork, the years went by
more malevolent fantasies
perhaps not violent
but
I'd pace the sidwalk thinking about people who had been mean to me
and I'd pounce on them, holding them down and screaming into their face

and again
I had a stroke of luck
I was in a relationship with a woman
and she admitted, without my asking
that she had a kink for getting hurt

and again, it was great
I loved smacking her
hitting her with a wooden stick, leaving welts

but even then
i never made the connection

skip ahead to the modern day
I'm older now
I am much more sensitive to my emotions
I recently had some emotional struggle
and I found myself having dark thoughts
looking at pictures of 18-year-old girls in bikinis
thinking about biting the ears off the security guard who was mean to me

my childhood response was to repress
bad! bad Dorian!
you are sick! you are shameful!
but then. it finally clicked

it's true
we all have our inner angel and inner demon
but our demon is not a villain to be slain
it is a living creature
with its own needs and desires
which deserve and demand
our respect

the thing about human needs and desires
is that they don't just disappear
they redirect

anyone who studies abstinence only education knows
that if you block the missionary position
kids just have oral and anal sex
or anyone who studies prohibition or the war on drugs knows
people just find other ways to get high

the reason that your needs and desires don't disappear
is that they are not superstitious evil
they are signals
and they are an escape valve

when you are having a bad month
you are more likely to have bad thoughts
which alert you
to some emotional constipation

all of the abuse endured at work and school
has worked its way into a knot
which must be purged

if you follow those scary thoughts
like I did by going to fight club
and doing bdsm
you clear up the blockage
which frees up your angelic nature
to proceed with your daily life

but if you simply ignore your scary thoughts
worse, if you shame and blame yourself for them
then you remain emotionally constipated
and those scary thoughts
become scary actions of some kind or another

they become angry outbursts at loved ones
self-destructive habits, insomnia, the common cold

so
you want your asshole coworker to get ebola?
you owe it to yourself
to imagine that douchebag dying horribly

you like imagining underage girls?
you owe it to your society
to watch some hentai porn about lesbian teenage stepsisters

did you know japan puts dating video games where you can rape people?
did you also know they have one of the lowest rates of sexual assault and rape of any country on earth?

I like hurting people god dammit
I owe it to myself to join a boxing gym
or something

now the objections
and questions
of course
you can't go around just hurting people willy nilly
I can't take my wooden paddle and whack people at the supermarket
but of course some people do
many people take out their anger on other people

(there are rules)

the one you feed
(you can't can't let your negative thoughts infiltrate your logic)

(when you cultivate your evil. you are able to see the fine line between what's too much. and what's too little)

it's a balance you have to strike. of course

but
if you never explore your evil inclinations
you deny yourself the opportunity to ever find that balance
