Lately, I've had episodes
This is how they feel

shari said about going home
i said i wanted to ice cream but i didn't want to go to the store
shari forecefully said "i go to the store"
I said "why are you yelling at me?" that was the beginning
then I was scared. i leaned away and I had to lie down
we went back to the car. I didn't want to socialize
when we got back in, she said "did I do something wrong?" with fear eyes
i took my seatbelt off. I almost ran out of the car
then I drove quite slowly home. silently
on the ride home, for a moment, shari took out her phone. I stamped and stamped. but she didn't put it away. so i started stamping on the brake. she got scared. I got mad because she didnt' see I was sad. I didn't want her to draw attention to herself
when we got home, thank god, shari now what to do. she comforted me. and didn't try to make me talk
i stayed silent
standing up hugging shari
i was sensitive about everything
if she left me to sit up straight i felt very vulnerable. i could feel the cold and the void in front of my chest. and between us. i'd hold my arms in front of me
it lasted for so long. i felt very bad. i felt i couldn't focus completely on me. i felt like i was taking up shari's time. i felt like i was being bad for being emotional
i felt very defensive of my being sad. like I would have to scream or break somethign at any moment to show that I meant business. i was devising how i could shatter a glass without any of the animals stepping on it shatter it outside?
i didn't do any screaming crying. but i made miserable face. and wept and sqeezed out real tears
sometimes if i shook my head it made the crying happen a little. especially an individual tear
she sat me on the couch
and sat with me while i stayed silent. squeezing. every now and then changing positions
eventually. after what felt like 2 hours (maybe it was)
she got up and made me an udi's cookie cake mug

To shari, I don't want to talk. Because she's important
I don't want to say how I feel. Because I couldn't bear to say something that isn't exactly how I feel. And I especially couldn't bear to underdo it.
It's hard to cry much. I sometimes need to squeeze.
Just thinking about the grocery store made me very sad and scared. And made me start crying again.
When Shari said words, they were so sharp in my ear. Especially if she was saying many specific things beyond "my baby." I had to shhh
I was so furious to be misunderstood. I wanted to break things. I wanted to not explain what I think was happening to me. I wanted her to see that something was extremely wrong.
I didn't want to look in the eyes. Especially for fear that I might nervous smile.
I got so mad in the car when she took her phone out. I wanted to be the center of attention.
I was in another world. I couldn't bear to be done crying.
I didn't want to go to the bedroom to lie down. Because it's the bedroom
I didn't like when shari asked about Naked juice
I told shari I wanted ice cream but I was scared for her to go to the grocery store. that made me extremely sad. both because of the amount I wanted the food. And the amount I was scared

to this moment i'm furious that someone will tell me I made it up. you had such a strong made-up experience when you were high, that now you're dealing with the aftermath. holy shit fuck you good god







the next day
i woek up feelings still sad. sad like the day before. without catharsis
but the day before I was also okay mostly. so i felt okay
i peed rain and did my normal activities. fine
i got backin bed with shari

she talked to me all about donald trump. and she said some ugly things like that he should die of disease. or that we should have a civil war
i got upset. i was so upset. i felt that we shouldn't be talking about this ugliness when i have this big sadness in me. it was hurting me. am I not important? don't my feelings atter?
shari said "when you act like a child and stom pyour feet...... well that's good and right" I felt ddefensive
I went downstairs. i felt the urge. i stomped my feet. its what i needed. i stomped more
in different rhythems and loudnesses. i didn't want to be alone. it hought about running to the quarry
i went back upstairs and did 3 big stomps. SHARI I DON'T FEEL GOOD
thank god, she didn't get mad. she was concerned. "i understand honey"

i got back in bed. i was sad
i did a little more crying. i wanted her to agree that it was weird what happened yesterday. and agree that i was sad.
I explained a little hw i felt the night before
I said "i can't talk about it myself. because if I whatever I say won't be how I actually felt. and I can't bear to say it not how iI actaually felt"
I said "I need you to say it. I can't say it"
Shari said "but you have to talk about it. if you don't talk about it you'll never heal"
I got mad "who says I won't heal? I explained it. I explained it for two hours last night"
Shari said "but you didn't use your words" I said "word aren't everything"
I said "tell me the story"
she said "i don't want to draw any conclusinos without all the..."
but then she changed tack
and told me exactly what i told her last year
exactly what made sense
she said "i think something bad happened to you at a grocery store. i think that you were attacked by a man. somewone like howard. what makes you say that? because you keep having panicat the grocery store. why do you think it was a man? because you get scared of men like brad and howard. who you say look like they're closeted and gay. what were the circumstances. I think they sexuallly assaulted you. what makes you say that? because you have these big exual nervousnesses."
i wept some. i felt a lot better that she said so. but it wasn't over . i still felt so sad
i was huge relieed
eventually I said "shari I think I might need to also hurt people" becuse sometimes I feel like hurting people. and sometimes thining about it makes me feel better
Shari said "okay but you can't hurt they children"
that made me feel bad. I mgith have gotten temporarily out of bed?
I said "why would you say that? I would never hurt the children. That's not what I would do. why would you saiy that?" (yes, i did get out of bed)
Shari said "i shouldn't have said that you're right. you wouldn't hurt the children. i only said that because I'm scared that I might hurt the children"
I said "oh." okay
I cambe back into bed
I said "i think all my life i'm looking for the bad man." I'm just holding back for him
she said, you're right. you are looking for the bad man
shari said "in fact, you would never hurt the children. even if you were being tortured, you wou'dnt hurt hte children"
that hit me just right
I thought about hurting the bad man
I said "no, i wouldn't hurt the children. I would hurt the bad man. i would hurt him so bad"

Saying and thinking about urting the bad man sent me into a a huge sudden-onset weep. I weptl hard and felt the release. the cuttin gloose
I wept first normal. I said "i would get him. I would get him" (i said this to jeff)
but the more i wept the ,louder I wept. and the harder. it changed octave each time,. i watched it in third person, like I wasn't even in my own body. it was like maniacal laughter. I was making huge wheezes. deep throuat wheezes like I just came up for air out of deep water. and loud high-pitched screams. i worried that the neighbors would call the police. i don't think i could have stopped if I wanted to (could I have?)
then i did a big shudder. oohhh
then it was over

then shari wrapped me up in the weighted blanket
and i squeezed my ape. my monkey
and i laid down with rain
and shari asked if i wanted anything. and i asked for a waffle and my water bottle
and she brought me the jungle book
and I sat there upright with the husband pillow for an hour. not really doing anything. just sitting
i felt very happy. and like a baby. and well taken-care of