Positive Thinking and Negativity

I want to talk about a technique
which is, basically, the power of positive thinking
especially thinking positively about other people

i have noticed this trend in other people and in myself
many of us have these negative streaks
about other people, ourselve, the world in general
now traditional wisdom and science says
that we should try not to be negative
that our lives will be better
if we put a positive spin on everything
even the really hopeless things

I am pretty positive
but I make a lot of exceptions to the rule
often times I feel that being positive requries me to delude myself
that the the situation at hand has zero room for any positive spin
I see my friends and family make this exact same rationaliztion

instead of being positive
we indulge in negativity
I've long wallowed in resentment, bitterness, and outright hate
I've seen my friends and family wallow in resentment and hopelessness too
And when people try to convince me to change my perspective
I fight them on it
and say that I refuse to delude myself

well today
I want to argue that that positive thinking is not delusional thinking
In fact, it negativity is the real delusion
and positive thinking is the cure. 




let's talk about why it's so scary to be positive
and why negativity feels so comfortable
beginning with one of the most popular forms of positive thinking:
hope

hope is always encouraged by platitudes and disney movies
think of all the songs. "don't worry be happy" "put on a happy face"
movies like annie alway tell you "the sun'll come ooooout toomooorowwww"
sounds good on paper
but the problem is
that they never tell you what to do with the daily feeling of disappointment

hope requires a certain vulnerability
if you're an orphan like annie
and every day you hope that you get adopted
every day that it doesn't happen. it just cuts you so deep

if you had never hoped 
if you had just said "odds are, nobody is going to adopt me today"
then it would not be a crushing blow at the end of the day

but of course that strategy has it's own problems
because
hope is a natural human feeling
and by preempting your hope with a negative judgement
you restrict your true feeligns
and train yourself to see the world with a grayish tint

which not only poisons your daily happiness
but also causes you to miss oportunities
to mistrust potential friends
and to generally sabotage your own life

but this leaves us caught between two bad options
forcing positive is bad
forcing negative is bad
what should we do?

easy
don't force anything
allow yourslef to hope for the best
while simultaneously "coming to terms" with the worst

how is this different than what we are already doing?
1. "allowing youself to hope" is different from forcing a disney ideal onto yourself
even you're a miserable orphan. it's the natural human condition to hope. to notice things that aren't so bad. our bodies and minds want to do this.
so, encourage it. find positive spins and silver linings. even if you live in a miserable orphanage. find the softest spot of the bed. the best sunbeam through the window. remind yourself that you deserve to be adopted. and allow yourself to acknowledge the fact that it might actually happen

2. coming to terms with something means that you take away its power. the only way out is in.
When you feel the hopelessness of it, you stop and think very carefully about the worst possible situation. Imagine that you spend your whole life without ever getting adopted. That you age out of the system. Stare that notion right in the face. And when you do, you'll realize that, even though it's bad, you'll survive.

now you have both bases covered
you allow your positivity to flourish
yes. when you don't get adopted it's disappointing. it hurts
but it's not the same miserable injury of someone who can't handle reality. it's the battle wound of someone who's fighting for a noble cause



okay that was the metaphor
let's use a real life example
and i want to talk about my claim
that negativity is the real delusion

I have a friend named Andrew
he goes by Tad
and he has had a lof of difficulty making friends in his life
he was weird in school. his dad was extremely hard on him
a lot of us can relate

he's in his late 30's
never had a girlfriend
never had a group of close friends
many people have been cruel to him

he's a wonderful guy
funny. very smart

when you get to know him
he tells you about how lonely he is
and about how he wasn't a girlfriend
and how he wants friends

but by now, he is also extremely negative
a lot of his conversation is about how annoyed he is with other people
and mostly, he is annoyed with himself
he knows that he's just a big burden
that nobody will ever love him
nobody will ever want him around

of course
this attitude leads to self sabotage
he doesn't allow himself to get close to people
and the negative attitude is very offputting

now
shari and i confront him about this
we say
Tad, there's nothing wrong with you
you're a great guy
people like you
you'll have a girlfriend one day

but he responds with what he thinks is logic
well, why have I spent 40 years with no friends
and no girlfriend
other people have them
clearly something is wrong with me
how can I possibly believe anything will be different?
why should I delude myself?





for a long time
we had a hard time arguing with him!
because he has a good point
if he's had so long without friends
why should he believe things will change?

the truth is
that Tad is not being logical
he is suffering
and is being overly negative

the correct course of action
he must stimultaneously
allow himself to hope for the best
while "coming to terms" with the worst

how is this different than what tad is already doing?
1. "allowing youself to hope" is different from forcing a delusional world
hope is natural and good. if tad is going to ever have friend he needs to actively allow his feelings to shine through. he needs to remember that he loves himself. that he's great. he's funny. and when he projects this attitude, people will respond

2. "coming to terms with the worst" is different from preemptively assuming the worst. he needs to say "what if i don't have any girlfriend for another year? can I survive? what if for another 5 years? can I survive?" when he really walks through it, it will lose it's phobia-level power. He won't need to do absolutely anythign to erase it

skip ahead to the future
shari and I have been pumping his head full of this garbage
and it's actually working

he's coming to terms with his past traumas
he's writing poetry
he's talking to girls
he's much more tolerable
we sat him down with a pretty friend of ours
way out of his league
and i can't believe it
they had an hour long conversation

this stuff works
and it works
not because we are unrealistically positive
or negative
but we live in the reality of what it means to be a human
is to accept the negative
and to glory in the positive
