**Personality**
In the Good Technique, our goal is to build a family for ourselves
As a practitioner of the technique
if you have a kid
you don't just ask "what do you want to be when you grow up?"
you ask "what kind of family do you want to have?"
(which is who you are)

One of the benefits of having a family
one of the things you get out of a family
Is a pool of Personality
from which to draw

For humans, personality can be thought of as a natural resource.
In a family, you want a broad and diverse pool of available personalities

you want mothers, brothers, grandmothers, children, friends
you want to have warriors, teachers, preachers, healers
you want to have available plenty of facial expressions, tones of voice, body language, meters of speech
character attributes like courageous, shy, energetic, wrathful
habits. like brushing teeth. bedtime. eating
obedience. dedication. food preferences.
ideas. points of view. convictions. outside the box thinking

What we do is your copy their personality traits
(most of the time, we copy the really good traits. and leave behind the worst ones)
which helps you to round out your own personality

why do you want a round personality?
think of what you do with your personality
you use it to communicate
you use it to interface with the material world
you use it when you sit alone with yourself

if you have a one-sided personality
you can only interface effectively
with a small subset
of people, situations, emotions

well roundedness
which makes you better at communicating
to a wide range of types of people
such as strangers, loved ones, coworkers

express and interpret a wide range of feelings
mixed feelings like loving and hating your religion
painful feelings like admitting defeat or accepting loss
(complex feelings like attraction to a person that's not normally your type)

why is this true?
that a well-rounded personality helps you to express things

hard to say
but i explain it with this image
We all have our own inherent personalities
which we get from babyhood and never change
some people are courageous from birth
some people are shy
some people are thoughtful
others are assertive

and our personalities come with inherent traits and habits
we come pre-loaded with tones of voice, facial expressions, body language
that we make without even trying

i've seen this firsthand
my sister was a high  maintenance baby
still is
i was a happy easygoing baby
still am
jeremiah is a strong serious baby
probably will be that kind of adult

however
our inherent personalities are just a starting place
we are full of potential
everyone has an inner warrior, scientist, father, mother brother
there are facial expressions we've never made and feelings we've never expressed

but you can't just up and communicate like a father
or understand the feelings of a warrior
without practice
and you can't practice
without equipment
tools
materials

and without other people to copy
we remain one-sided
we never bring out our feminine side. or masculine side
nobody teaches us to dance. or cultivates our taste in music

and this is a problem
for our ability to communicate with and relate to other people
and for our ability to relate to ourselves. and our general emotional health

you are full of feelings
all of your inner personalities
that are always trying to express themselves
which are communicating things to you
the question is, do you understand them?
are you afraid of your feelings? do you resent them?
you will relate to those feelings
the same way that you relate to the people close to you
and you will express those feelings
in the ways that you learned
from people close to you

case in point: yomaries



there are only so many types of relaitonships
and attributes
andthose are like your elephants trunk
appendage
that's what you use on the world
sometimes you need ot mentor a brick wall
or express nostalgia during surgery

surround yourself with people you aspire to be
(or people who admire you)
to some extent you don't get to choose who you surroud yourself with
find someone you admire
(or appreciate someone you've got that you could aspire to be more)

our brain is a sort of parliament of doctors warriors children brothers
but it's a tower of babel situation
where we can't understand them. or they each other
in life we have to learn to interpret and mediate
