Psychopathy
Think about just how extemely sensitive I feel when I smoke weed
All of that sensitivity is in there somewhere. The weed doesn't invent it. It's in there running constantly watching reactiving, maintining a fully fledged hyper sensitive personality
Oddly
I'm used to weed making me feel the way I do now
Which is largely insensitive
Normal I suppose? As far as other people go?
But the hyper sensitivity is far away
And the past few days have presented in me a sort of irreverence
Which has gotten me into some trouble

I believe
That my irreverence must be strong if it masks my intense sensitivity
Masks?
Well, if I don't feel my extreme sensitivity any more

Once. I took CBD. And Rain was woofing her heart out in the car.
Normally, that made me frantically stressed.
But I hardly noticed it. It was like I took emotional novacaine.

That's sortof how I feel now.
Not exactly numb. Fairly normal.
But knowing that there's a hypersensitive person inside of me. One who I can only sometimes feel.
That's a funny experience.
I know he didn't disappear. He's right there responding to all the same things as me.
Yet I can't feel him?

But you see.
He's so strong.
The power of his emotions is unreal.
(I have emotions too, absolutely)
If I can't feel them
Then I believe that tells me something about myself
To me it confirms my feeling
That I am a pro social psychopath
And that a very real everyday side of me
Is largely numb? to

they're not gone
i can still feel them
loud and clear sometimes
they're just not overwhelming
(I care very much what other people think of me?)
in fact
if I'm not deliberate
(say, if I'm a huge anxiety bomb putting myself through daily pain)
i might get distracted from them completely
run roughshod over them
hurt myself and him simultaneously
after all, we're one and the same

why is malcolm X suddenly appealing?
why is the notion of the holocause suddenly immediate?
or the notion of a recession?

why do I want to be called a psychopath?
to identify with the killers on tv? yes please
I don't want to sugarcoat who I am
I want you to see that I will sortof push the boundaries
maybe treat your feelings like little experiments
I shouldn't
but I'm not bad
I don't mean any harm
Please try to understand

(both of my sides combine with my adulthood
my discipline
i refine and master all my aspects
my childhood
we become a man who is who he is
a noble decent childish adult
strong and anxious)

it's not so much a snapshot of "who I am"
it's more of an electron cloud of "where I might be"
where i'll likely be
how far i'll go

funny
i can't seem to feel people's emotions who are right in front of me (the same way)
but i seem better able to imagine the emotions of a person i read about
(just read about israeli girl murdered in terror attack)

what is the fixation on tattoos?

in sensitive zone
i'm not really interested in getting shari to do anything
get out of bed. quit her job
but right now I am

in this condition
i feel very bad if I can't mirror someone
or how i perceive they are
(i felt lisa was all gung ho to hang out. i wasn't happy to be sterile)

